test1_pssh.txt      using command ./ps.sh 
test2_ps.txt        using command ps -eo pid,user

In the first test we compare the output created by test1_pssh.txt using command 
./ps.sh, and the ouput created by by test2_pspiduser.txt using command 
ps -eo pid,user. 
The results are slightly consistent, however this is to be expected and does note
indicate incorrect functionality of the code. Some slight variations may arise 
during the execution of our createdps.sh code compared to the original ps command. 
These differences may be attributed to factors such as the timing disparity between 
the two commands, variances in sorting rules and formatting, and the distinct 
approaches in information retrieval. 
Specifically, the ps command gathers process information from the kernel with 
default filtering, while the ps.sh code reads data directly from the /proc 
directory, applying its own filters. As a result, certain edge cases may exhibit 
discrepancies. It's important to note that despite these minor discrepancies, the 
overall test remains accurate, and similar variations persist in subsequent tests.

test3_psshgouprsscomm.txt   using command ./ps.sh -group -rss -comm
test4_psgrouprsscomm.txt    using command ps -eo group,user,comm

In the second test we compare the output created by test3_psshgouprsscomm.txt 
using command ./ps.sh -group -rss -comm, and the ouput created by by 
test4_psgrouprsscomm.txt using command ps -eo group,user,comm.
The content in each file exhibits near-perfect similarity, with only minor 
variances in formatting. Notably, substantial distinctions arise in the RSS 
attribute, as the occupied physical memory by the process is subject to variability.

test5_psshcommand.txt       using command ./ps.sh -command
test6_pscommand.txt         using command ps -eo command

In the second test we compare the output created by test5_psshcommand.txt 
using command ./ps.sh -command, and the ouput created by by 
test6_pscommand.txt using command ps -eo command.
This test includes the command attribute. The outputs vary in the command portion, 
since the command will change depending on whether the process is invoked with a ps 
or a ./ps.sh call.

text7_psshcommcommand.txt   using command ./ps.sh -comm -command

In the last test the output in text7_psshcommcommand.txt is the result of the 
command ./ps.sh -comm -command. 
This illistrates that the code correclty throws an error when both comm and 
command are running simultaneously.